Blockchain Essentials
Assignment DAY 1:


Q1. What is our understanding of the Block Chain?

Answer:
A mix of technology i.e. Distributed Database and Cryptography where
information is verifiable, unchangeable, tamper-proof and immutable.
Making a copy of same document at different places is known as
Distributed Data Base.
Converting the whole data in digital Signature is known as Cryptography.
Block Chain is all about huge amount of data storing in different places.


Q2. What is the core problem block chain trying to solve?

Answer:
It is trying to solve authenticity problems, security and need of powerful
third party for trust.


Q3. What are few features that Block Chain gives you?

Answer:
Features are :
1. Verifiable:
   The crux of the matter is that Bitcoin blockchain is public and distributed to nodes.
   It is verifiable which means that anyone can check all the transactions.
2. Unchangeable:
   It is Unchangeable because of its immutable feature.
3. Tamper-proof:
   "With Blockchain technology, you could create a truly tamper-proof record system.
4. Immutable:
   Immutability can be defined as the ability of a blockchain ledger to remain unchanged,
   for a blockchain to remain unaltered and indelible. More succinctly, 
   data in the blockchain cannot be altered.


Q4. What all things does a Block Chain contains?

Answer:
A Block contains :
1. Block Number:
   A block represents the 'present' and contains information about its past and future.
    Each time a block is completed it becomes part of the past and gives way to a new block in the blockchain.
2. Transaction record:
   When a transaction is recorded in the blockchain ,details of the transaction such as 
   price, asset, and ownership, are recorded, verified and settled within seconds across all nodes.
3. Previous Block Signature:
   A digital signature (DS) is the detail of an electronic document 
   that is used to identify the person transmitting data.
4. Mining Key:
   Mining is the process of adding transaction records to Bitcoin's public ledger of past transactions
  (and a "mining rig" is a colloquial metaphor for a single computer system that performs the necessary computations for "mining".


Q5. How is the verifiability of block chain is been attained?

Answer:
Lets take an example, all of us has to complete the assignment and
questions are uploaded on LetsUpgrade community.
That assignment we have to download and store in our laptops.
Then we will create a new digital signature of that document like Pervious
fingerprint + Data = Current Fingerprint.
Then send the current fingerprint to community to check everyone is
having same fingerprint or not.
If any of the person does not match the fingerprint then that person need
to replace the data with others.
This is how the verifiability attained.